Hi! My name is John Armstrong with expertvillage.com.
I am a professional guitar instructor and
today we will be discussing intermediate jazz
guitar. Let's do a melody line; I'll just
play it right here kind of in a open position
as much as possible. We are going to have
half B flat, rest, B flat G, half B flat.
Half B flat, D, D, E flat F, B flat, C, D.
That takes us through ending one. So here's
ending number 1 again. 1, 2, 3, 4, 2, repeat
from the beginning. Ending number 2 is different;
resolved in the B flat chord. Down now to
the body of the song, A, D, B flat, A, A,
G,G, A, then G, C, A, G, G, F, F, E natural,
back to F. Back to our melody liner or our
original theme; F to B flat, then F, E, D,
D, E flat, F, B flat, C, B flat. Now here
we come to our coda situation; we're at D,
E flat, F, B flat, C, repeat that; D, E flat,
F, B flat, C. Then pass the codas now, D,
E flat, F, B flat, C, B flat. So that is the
melody line if you don't know how to read
what is written on the chart right there.
At least you can kind of learn it off of that,
just kinda watching me play it there.